World War Finance Plane Game Mission Types
Some Proposals in sketch

1. Just a few words

It must be privilege and honor, leaving the price away to hold and spend your PLANE currency.
The total supply of PLANE token is 1 000 000 units. Only PLANE token can be used to obtain unique NFTs - respectively aircrafts in a PLANE game.
For that purpose, election must be called. Voters will be able to cast their vote with WWT currency and 
choose the second asset in LP Pool. Natively the first one is PLANE.

/* It will be a good move amount of WWT tokens to be sent as airdrops to the other serious DeFI Dev Teams.
This will help to get them involved in and can trigger partnership in the future. Desirably with personal message.  Why not even to Tron Foundation? */

2. Ready to demonstrate some firepower

So, you have your new aircraft, collecting dust and getting rust in the hangar! 
It is time to use it and benefit. Why not take a part in a dangerous mission.
Mission – every unique NTF aircraft is different type – reconnaissance, bomber, 
tactical fighter, freight. Definitely is not a wise choice to use freight plane 
for hitting strategic targets. Planes also has some special attributes. With few
words – according to the plane 	player possesses he/she can take an appropriate mission.
Missions can be created as one asset Liquidity Pools, where you deposit your NTF unique token/s 
for a Locked Period of time. After timer finishes you are good to go! Why not 	another adventure if it is available. 
		
// I bet you are impatient to learn about rewards, just continue to read … 

Mission Types – The definition is made according to the reward you want to achieve.

There will be totally 4 types of missions:

a) Mission for Gold or Money – Token that gives a lot of options in future economy not only in PLANE game
also in TANKS, SHIPS and why not for some staff in game. Imagine you can build something with it. It depends 
on the players will how is going to be spend. This token will be divisible. 

b) Mission for Honor and Duty – In such a subversive world to earn trust of the others is invaluable. Token will be divisible. Holders of this token will
benefit from the future Vault.

c) Mission for Medals and Military Ranks – for those of you who loves glory and Career grow. Token will be not divisible. 

d) Special partnership liquidity pools and promotions – I think name talks more than thousand words. 😊

/* Name of the mission types, Medals, Rewards, Tokens are part of the imagination game – they can be called after voting
– so community will have the joy to chose what sound best for the ears and addictive to 
Players */

P.S – If you read all this to the end, I want to thank you! Really appreciate it.
		

